---
layout: post
title: 🦖 Dinosaur Camp!
date: 2024-07-22 10:30:00 +0000
categories: post
---

<div class='grid lg:grid-cols-5 '>
    <div class='bento'>
        <h1 class='text-xl'>Monday</h1>
        <b>Morning</b> 
        Use Play-Doh to create dinosaur fossil imprints. Press plastic dinosaur toys into the clay to leave unique fossil patterns.
        <b>Afternoon</b> 
        Kids walk like different types of dinosaurs. They can stomp like a T-Rex, stretch tall like a Brachiosaurus, and sprint like a Velociraptor.
    </div>
    <div class='bento'>
        <h1 class='text-xl'>Tuesday</h1>
        <b>(Field Trip Day)</b>
        <b>Santa Barbara Natural History Museum</b> Explore exhibits and learn about paleontology and local prehistory of dinosaurs in a hands-on, child-friendly environment.
    </div>
    <div class='bento'>
        <h1 class='text-xl'>Wednesday</h1>
        <b>Morning</b> 
        Set up a sandbox where kids can unearth hidden dinosaur bones and fossils using small brushes and shovels.
        <b>Afternoon</b> 
        Craft simple dinosaur masks with paper plates and markers, creating imaginative costumes for a later activity.
    </div>
    <div class='bento'>
        <h1 class='text-xl'>Thursday</h1>
        <b>Morning</b> 
        Design an obstacle course representing different dinosaur habitats. Kids can crawl, balance, and climb through a prehistoric world.
        <b>Afternoon</b> 
        
    </div>
    <div class='bento'>
        <h1 class='text-xl'>Friday</h1>
        <b>Morning</b> 
        Craft a prehistoric landscape in a cardboard box using natural materials like leaves, stones, and toys.
        <b>Afternoon</b> 
        Wrap up the week with a fun, active dance party where kids dance to dinosaur-themed songs while wearing their dino masks.
    </div>
</div>


<div class='bento'>
<h1 class='text-xl '>This Friday's Constellation</h1>
<i>July 19, 2024</i>
<h1 class='text-4xl '>Lyra</h1>
Contains Vega, another bright star of the Summer Triangle.
</div>

