---
layout: post
title: 🔬 Science Camp!
date: 2024-07-29 10:30:00 +0000
categories: post
---

<div class='grid lg:grid-cols-5 '>
    <div class='bento'>
        <h1 class='text-xl'>Monday</h1>
        <b>Morning</b>
        Rainbow Experiments - Mix different food coloring with water in clear cups to explore color mixing and create a rainbow spectrum.
        <b>Afternoon</b>
        Magnetic Attraction - Introduce the concept of magnetism using colorful magnets and metal objects. Have the kids explore what sticks to the magnets and what doesn't.
    </div>
    <div class='bento'>
        <h1 class='text-xl'>Tuesday</h1>
        <b>(Field Trip Day)</b>
        Visit the Santa Barbara Sea Center and Summerland Beach.
    </div>
    <div class='bento'>
        <h1 class='text-xl'>Wednesday</h1>
        <b>Morning</b>
        Bug Hunt - Go on a bug hunt in the backyard or a local park, using small nets and magnifying glasses to explore insects.
        <b>Afternoon</b>
        Mini-Geysers - Create a miniature geyser using Mentos and soda bottles to demonstrate the fun and explosive reaction.
    </div>
    <div class='bento'>
        <h1 class='text-xl'>Thursday</h1>
        <b>Morning</b>
        Sink or Float - Test everyday objects in a water basin to see if they sink or float and explain why.
        <b>Afternoon</b>
        Bubble Exploration - Use bubble solution and wands to create different bubble shapes and sizes, observing which wand designs work best.
    </div>
    <div class='bento'>
        <h1 class='text-xl'>Friday</h1>
        <b>Morning</b>
        Leaf Identification - Collect leaves from the backyard or park, then identify them and create leaf rubbings using paper and crayons.
        <b>Afternoon</b>
        Baking Soda Volcanoes - Build small volcanoes with Play-Doh or clay, then pour in baking soda and vinegar to cause a bubbly eruption.
    </div>
</div>

<div class='bento'>
<h1 class='text-xl '>This Friday's Constellation</h1>
<i>August 2, 2024</i>
<h1 class='text-4xl '>Cygnus</h1>
With Deneb, it completes the Summer Triangle.
</div>

